Vertices checking (#3)
esa/polyhedral-gravity-model: README.md

Implementation of the Polyhedral Gravity Model in C++ 17.

> The implementation is based on the

Author: I added a link to the jupyter notebook in the README. It kind of contains everything and keeps the README "smaller" 🙂

and its corresponding [implementation in MATLAB](https://github.com/Gavriilidou/GPolyhedron),
which is strongly based on the former implementation in FORTRAN.

### Results and Plots

> Some worth seeing results and plots are stored in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some exemplary results and plots are stored in the
```
